DOC-1602: Added note about regional by row tables and region changes (#13195)
cockroachdb/docs: _includes/v21.2/sql/indexes-regional-by-row.md

 In [multi-region deployments](multiregion-overview.html), most users should use [`REGIONAL BY ROW` tables](multiregion-overview.html#regional-by-row-tables) instead of explicit index [partitioning](partitioning.html). When you add an index to a `REGIONAL BY ROW` table, it is automatically partitioned on the [`crdb_region` column](set-locality.html#crdb_region). Explicit index partitioning is not required.

> While CockroachDB process an [`ADD REGION`](add-region.html) or [`DROP REGION`](drop-region.html) statement on a particular database, creating or modifying an index will throw an error. Similarly, all [`ADD REGION`](add-region.html) and [`DROP REGION`](drop-region.html) statements will be blocked an index is being modified on a `REGIONAL BY ROW` table within the same database.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
While CockroachDB processes an [`ADD REGION`](add-region.html) or [`DROP REGION`](drop-region.html) statement on a particular database, creating or modifying an index will throw an error. Similarly, all [`ADD REGION`](add-region.html) and [`DROP REGION`](drop-region.html) statements will be blocked if an index is being modified on a `REGIONAL BY ROW` table within the same database.
```
